everyone someone requested need to do a
video to how to clean your belly button
this is how i do it i use the spray
bottle with warm water that will loosen
anything up on the ball make it easier
to clean i also use dove soap it's very
easy on your skin and won't hurt you i
also you spray it with bactine
afterwards show at this and fax it
doesn't hurt is it sting that kind of
stinks okay so let's do it
so now i'm going to get my hand Sophie
now push it out the top there and I'm
going to wrap my fingers around it like
this in the ball really well and I'm
going to spray it is the so far fits
nice up on set bottom did the same thing
that's it off the towel is just started
to catch any drippage wrap it and I take
my back to you you can get the shot
chopra subpart 799 spray it there you go
any more questions feel free to ask
you